.TH hockeypuck 1 "07 Sep 2012" hockeypuck "hockeypuck"
.SH NAME
\fBhockeypuck\fP \- OpenPGP Key Server

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBhockeypuck\fP [-http=<IP>:PORT] [-workers=NUM_WORKERS]
               [-www-root=WWW_PATH] [-logfile=LOG_PATH]
               [-server=MONGODB_IP:PORT]

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBhockeypuck\fP is an public keyserver that implements HKP
(HTTP Keyserver Protocol) for serving OpenPGP public keys. Other
PKIs may be supported in upcoming releases.

Options and modes for running hockeypuck are described below:

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-http=BIND_ADDRESS\fP
Listen for HTTP keyserver requests on interface and port.

BIND_ADDRESS may be specified as IP:PORT, or :PORT to listen on all IPv4 interfaces.

If not specified, hockeypuck will listen on the HKP standard port for all interfaces,
-http=":11371".

.TP
\fB-workers=NUM_WORKERS\fP
Number of worker goroutines to run. The workers fulfill client requests from Go's built in HTTP request handling by connecting to the database and performing OpenPGP keyring operations. If not specified, the default is GOMAXPROCS.

.TP
\fB-www-path=WWW_PATH\fP
Path to the static files served by Hockeypuck's web interface. This is a small collection of HTML templates and static assets that serve a simple web interface to Hockeypuck. The default is the Debian package installation location, /var/lib/hockeypuck/www. If you're running Hockeypuck from source, use the path to hockeypuck/www.

.TP
\fB-logfile=LOG_PATH\fP
Path hockeypuck should write its log to. If not specified, hockeypuck logs to os.Stderr.

.TP
\fB-server=MONGODB_SERVER\fP
Connect to MONGODB_SERVER, creating databases and indexes as needed. Hockeypuck depends on a MongoDB server for data storage and retrieval.

.SH BUGS
Bugs, known issues and features in development are tracked at \fBhttps://bugs.launchpad.net/hockeypuck\fP.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PD 0
.TP
The OpenPGP HTTP Keyserver Protocol (HKP)
http://ietfreport.isoc.org/all-ids/draft-shaw-openpgp-hkp-00.txt
.TP
\fBgpg\fP(1), \fIhttps://launchpad.net/hockeypuck\fP
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
Casey Marshall <casey.marshall@gmail.com>

