.TH hockeypuck 1 "07 Sep 2012" hockeypuck "hockeypuck"
.SH NAME
\fBhockeypuck\fP \- OpenPGP Key Server

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBhockeypuck\fP [-http=<IP>:PORT] [-server=MONGODB_SERVER] [-load=<FILE|PATTERN>]

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBhockeypuck\fP is a standalone OpenPGP keyserver. Hockeypuck functions as an HTTP server, implementing the HTTP Keyserver Protocol (HKP).

Options and modes for running hockeypuck are described below:

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-http=BIND_ADDRESS\fP
Listen for HTTP keyserver requests on interface and port.

BIND_ADDRESS may be specified as IP:PORT, or :PORT to listen on all IPv4 interfaces.

If not specified, hockeypuck will listen on the HKP standard port for all interfaces,
-http=":11371".

.TP
\fB-load=FILE, -load=PATTERN\fP
Load a binary OpenPGP keyring FILE, or a group of files matching glob PATTERN, into the database offline. When loading, hockeypuck will read
OpenPGP public keys and insert or merge them into its database.
Loading is useful for populating hockeypuck with PGP keyring files from GnuPG, or keyring dumps from other keyservers.

.TP
\fB-server=MONGODB_SERVER\fP
Connect to MONGODB_SERVER, creating databases and indexes as needed. Hockeypuck depends on a MongoDB server for data storage and retrieval.

.SH KNOWN ISSUES
Hockeypuck does not support older OpenPGP packets, such as version 3 signatures or public keys. Such packets are ignored.

.SH SEE ALSO
.PD 0
.TP
\fBgpg\fP(1), \fBmongo\fP(1), \fIhttps://launchpad.net/hockeypuck\fP
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
Casey Marshall <casey.marshall@gmail.com>

